your girlfriend is gone and you're the
prime suspect your only path to
salvation
this guy ah what i'd give to be in love
our story begins with iggy and marin an
inseparable couple frolicking in the
woods he locks eyes with her and says
i'm gonna love you for the rest of my
life just love me for the rest of mine
she replies foreshadowing we cut to a
groggy iggy who just woke up
then iggy closes his eyes and replays
memories of marin
wait a second anyway as he opens them he
spots a gaggle of reporters and angry
bystanders
they hold signs condemning him for his
alleged murder iggy drives off and heads
to his parents house
they meet for lunch and his dad derek
insists he steps up his lawyer game
i'll even pay for it he adds iggy
refuses preferring to stick with his
childhood friend
turned public defender lee iggy's mother
then mentions that whatever happened
with marin doesn't matter
he's still their son the fact that even
an inkling of doubt exists in their
minds infuriates iggy
he storms off but his brother terry
knows how to lift the mood
yo why my man's got an inhaler in every
movie lee pulls up and shares a double
whammy of bad news
first off the evidence lab that stored
samples from aaron's body was destroyed
sus and there's a new witness spreading
dangerous allegations
in an effort to take his mind off things
iggy gets his hydration in check the bar
owner doesn't appreciate his business
and states you spook everyone out glenna
another childhood friend
comes to the rescue she pours him a
drink and makes a tantalizing offer
though iggy declines but iggy she
at night a ceremony takes place for
marin at the scene of the crime it's
right by the treehouse of the couple
regularly frequented
marin's father dale believes that his
daughter cannot rest while achy walks
free
glenna is also there and she spots iggy
in the tree house he even joins them in
doing the little light thing
after the group disperses an angry iggy
stumbles down
though he quickly calms down when he
thinks of marin suddenly
he notices a potential fire hazard
fortunately he saves the day
thanks iggy very cool glenna returns and
is like what is you doing
iggy shares that marin went to church
every sunday and yet god
let this tragedy happen hmm first time
personally i would ask for a refund oh
hey more foreshadowing
the next morning iggy awakens and he
feels something stiff erecting upwards
and it's not the usual suspect as he
gets up we see that he closed the deal
with glenna
attaboy upon passing by a mirror iggy
realizes that something
ain't right he takes a closer look and
to his shock finds that his iconic scar
has been replaced by baby horns right
after
he greets glenna who notices his horns
but strangely doesn't make much of it
even more peculiar she asks him for his
permission to devour an entire box of
donuts
yeah dude do whatever you like had a
girl iggy then takes a trip to the
doctors and encounters a screaming child
with her mother in the waiting room
the woman feels compelled to strike up a
scintillating conversation with our
horny boy
she divulges her dissatisfaction with
her marriage and kids and reveals her
extracurricular activities yeah boy
it's true what they say about black cars
moving on
a nurse tends to iggy while spouting
some foolishness or maybe i should just
take a dump on the seat myself
then the doctor pulls up and he's like
what's the deal son
iggy responds do you not like see
anything weird about me
you mean uh besides your horns uh
apparently the horns have a sort of
amnesic effect when you look at them
nothing seems out of the ordinary and as
soon as you look away
you forget they were even there iggy
demands a doctor saws the horns off
and they proceed with an impromptu
operation though he's not sure it'll
work
but it'll be fun to try as iggy is
sedated he slips into a dream
wake up wake up wake up
we're transported back to iggy's first
memory of marin we see her grab his
attention by using her cross to reflect
his son into his eyes
a little bit annoying but as long as
she's into me i guess iggy asks his
brother terry who she is and what she's
doing
his dad chimes in i think it's morse
code for bug off go play roblox
afterwards iggy sees that marin left
behind a broken cross necklace
he collects it then we cut to iggy and
the boys having a blast oh
and glenna is there too they blow things
up as kids do
and then the chunky one eric gets all
defensive i'm saving my last
cherry for something special there's a
joke about virginity somewhere in there
the kids protest so he agrees to give up
his cherry to whomever slides down the
log ramp in their birthday suit
the sigma male alpha chat of the group
iggy accepts
as he prepares to launch off glenna
pleads with him
[Music]
that's my secret glenna i want to die
iggy nearly drowns bully dives in to
save him
imagine after all that choker over here
still doesn't want to give up the cherry
so terry snatches it some time later we
see lee fixing maron's cross while
asking iggy if he likes her
she's not like other girls he says
before suggesting that maybe he should
be the one to return the cross
iggy puts forth a counteroffer i receive
one marin and you receive
one cherry sure why not at night iggy
studies morris code
come on it wasn't actually morris code
iggy returns across the next time he
sees marin at church
they chat a bit outside and we learn
that her mother died which is why she
moved
suddenly terry runs up and shares some
grim news lee's girlfriend exploded
[Applause]
in hindsight not the best trade deal we
cut to iggy showing marin the treehouse
for the first time
got a great hiding spot then he somberly
reveals that he lied
it was lee who fixed the cross if not
for the trade he'd be here instead
marin explains that's not how any of
this works
in truth she left the cross for iggy
they shared their first kiss
then we fast forward to the grown-up
selves doing the same and a bit more
iggy awakens to find a hacksaw embedded
in his horns he takes a look at how much
they've grown while the doctor proceeds
with a spontaneous internal exam of the
nurse
well modern medicine didn't help let's
try god iggy visits a pastor but he's
not friendly
damn my man's wide anyway
nothing productive comes of this so he
visits lee strangely
he doesn't see iggy's horns weird this
prompts iggy to conclude that if he
really is this crazy
maybe he really did kill marin seeking
emotional support iggy visits his
parents
his mother embraces him but then the
horns compel her to speak the truth
can you just go away i don't want to
hear your problems
when you speak i just want to start
singing
it's definitely not for me dawg let's
try some auto-tune
i now bring in the drums let's go anyway
let's see what daddyo has to say well
turns out he firmly believes
iggy is the murderer oh and one of his
friends worked at the evidence lab and
burned it down for him what
next up iggy heads to the bar to see if
he can find some answers
though a small army of reporters follows
him so he uses his demonic powers to
make them fight
hey this is better than the ufc iggy
enters and he's kindly greeted by the
owner
he asks everyone what they know about
the nightmare and died then this guy
whips his willy out can't show that
fortunately this guy provides an actual
answer my cousin's a cop and he told me
the new witness is the waitress that
served you that night
she said she saw you drag marin to your
car iggy walks out while the owner sets
the place ablaze having been compelled
by the horns
he returns to his car and inspects a
ring we cut to a flashback of iggy
planning his proposal
he heads to a diner for the big night
but finds a somber marin she opens up
about her desires to move to la
which iggy is fine with but then she
adds we should see other people
his mood immediately turns to anguish as
he asks are you in love with someone
else
marin only offers up a blank stare in
response iggy becomes enraged and marin
walks off
terry arrives just as iggy is leaving he
walks up to marin then we cut to the
next morning
eric now a police officer sternly asked
iggy when the last time he saw marin was
did something happen ugh it's all my
fault as he seemingly admits his guilt
we learn why everyone thinks he was
behind the heinous act
back in the present iggy visits the
diner to find the waitress veronica she
reveals that she's been making things up
to the police in the hopes of becoming
famous
icky storms off after noting that since
his brother was there he must know the
truth
magazine smiling he stops by the bar
that terry is performing at
and waits for him to finish meanwhile
glenn is there and she mentions that her
stomach hurts
apparently the horns made her forget the
donut incident she then offers to polish
iggy's wand
bro come on whatever iggy then gets
terry's attention and the pair chat
outside
he mentions the waitress and terry
confirms that she's lying marin left the
diner with me that night
wait what you told me you didn't see
marin a scuffle ensues and then we cut
to a flashback
terry is driving marin home but he's
acting like a creepy uncle you're
beautiful
you know that she gets out on the side
of the road in the pouring rain and
makes her way into the woods the next
thing he remembers
is waking up with a bloodied rock in his
car he heads into the woods to
investigate and finds what remains of
marin
terry then tosses away the evidence
before we return to the present
tensions escalate and then the cops
arrive eric apprehends iggy and berates
him
i wish i could just beat you to a pulp
his partner replies stating that he'd
like that
especially if they weren't wearing
anything yeah i like that
i like to think about you naked too what
the next morning lee bails iggy out but
he notices that lee is wearing maren's
cross
lee initially denies it but then reveals
that he was the other man
and enraged iggy leaves then seeks the
truth from aaron's dad dale
he holds iggy at gunpoint and admonishes
him for coming here to question marin's
loyalty
he remarks that he thought things
couldn't get worse after his wife died
of cancer but
he was wrong still believing iggy to be
an evil doer he sends him on his way
later and at an abandoned warehouse iggy
desperately tries to remove his horns
meanwhile the snake squad pulls up
what's up with my mans and snakes
story recapped here they seem to
befriend him and he decides to accept
his horns and use them to set things
straight
iggy pays a visit to veronica with his
buddies the sneaky snake slither up the
car
and strike veronica's left is figured as
a triumphant iggy leans over her while
iggy heads to terry's place next
the cops stop him but he's got a spicy
solution why don't you guys just go to
town on each other
carrier alrighty then iggy enters and
finds a distraught terry helping himself
to all kinds of herbs and spices
iggy berates him for only looking out
for himself you could have called an
ambulance or told the cops the truth
he says even if i said anything the cops
wouldn't believe me
i'm your brother terry counters
nonetheless inky exacts his punishment
he compels terry to eat all his herbs
spices and candies y'all ever had
smarties them shoots hit different
terry begins to hallucinate as a
distorted iggy laughs at him
you can't handle my strongest potions
the trip starts off pleasant
but then things get serious terry sees
visions of marin before being consumed
by the ground
the next morning iggy reflects on what
just happened when lee pulls up
he questions him further about his
relationship with marin how long was it
going on for
a couple of months okay things escalate
and iggy snatches maren's cross
and just like that lee can now see
iggy's horns finally
time for some answers iggy holds him at
fork point and lee reveals the truth
i never meant to kill her he shocked
iggy takes him down
how could you do this you saved my life
as a kid stupidest mistake ever made
oh man i'm the one who fixed her cross
she should have been with me
dude that was like 50 years ago get over
it iggy goes in for the kill shot but
misses
he then grabs on to lee and relives the
memory of marin's passing we see lee
tailing terry after he left the diner
with marin
he finds terry passed out in the car
then goes after her she's initially
spooked but ultimately happy to be
comforted by her friend
they embrace then lee goes in for a kiss
marin immediately recoils in disgust
no one's here we don't have to hide
anymore he says she doesn't understand
so he continues
every time we hang out there's such
tension in the room i know we were meant
to be
and that's why you broke up with iggy
but that ain't it i love him
more than the world iggy is taken aback
by his emotions and lee promptly
capitalizes
he continues the story explaining that
he took advantage of marin before
bashing her head in
he then went on to plant the evidence in
terry's car all the meanwhile
lee beats iggy down with a chain he
seeks to tie up the final loose head by
setting iggy ablaze in his car
iggy can do nothing more but drive into
the river in the aftermath
we see a hospitalized terry in his
parents crying over iggy's death though
his body was never found
he's presumed dead and lee tells
everyone he confessed like a phoenix
iggy emerges from the water wait is that
the quote he visits dale who's had a
change of heart
he can feel that iggy is innocent and
knows who the real monster is
he demands a name but iggy declines
stating that this is his job
dale takes him up to marin's room where
he gives hiki a key she left for him
iggy then attempts to return man's cross
but dale says i think you need it more
than me
after putting it on iggy transforms back
to normal he heads back to the treehouse
and using the key
unlocks the hidden compartment he finds
a letter that marin left for him well
i'll be dabbed it was morse code after
all
in the letter man reveals i like her
mother she became stricken with cancer
it wouldn't be long before she left this
world and she didn't want to hold iggy
back
mara knew he was going to propose soon
and believe that telling him the truth
would just make him want to marry her
more
as a result she pretended to fall out of
love with him the letter ends with her
promising that they'll meet again
someday
i'll be waiting by candlelight in our
tree house honestly i cried watching
this
and it's not even the first time iggy
stops by the hospital and tells terry
the truth before heading off to confront
lee the pair head into the woods with
lee having forgotten their earlier
encounter
iggy tells him he knows and of course
lee denies it suddenly
eric emerges from the woods terry's
there too he told him everything
eric takes control of the situation and
apprehends lee he pretends to go along
with everything
then strikes lee grabs a hold of the
shotgun and uses it against a charging
terry
iggy retaliates but this only leads to
eric's downfall
with no other option he's forced to
activate demon mode he rips off marin's
cross and a magnificent pair of angel
wings sprout from his back
they lift him up into the air before
spontaneously combusting
he's engulfed in flames then emerges
extra crispy with the side of spiky
as he plods forward lee fires upon him
eventually the gun jams and he pleads
for mercy
once again he's faking having been
critically wounded
iggy collapses however he manages to
collect the last of his strength for a
final play
while lisa comes to the fatal blow a
snake emerges it slithers up his body
before sliding inside iggy collapses by
the treehouse and terry tends to him as
the light fades from his eyes
the film ends with iggy and marin back
where they belong together
in like heaven i guess